## Yelp Food Recommender ##

Yelp data consists of information about a variety of businesses and its reviews by various consumers. Its data consists of the detailed account of businesses, its text and star ratings by its reviewers, check-in information for a large set of cities from four different countries. Although this information is very useful, oftentimes users have to narrow down to a specific restaurant based on food and location preferences. Secondly, locating specific restaurants based on food choices and attributes becomes almost impossible to achieve. The project aims to build a visual recommender system with an interactive dashboard that would help both business owners and customers address the above problems by combining data from Yelp and Wikipedia.The dashboard would allow users to navigate to the relevant restaurant based on user’s choice of country, state, and category. An interactive map would allow them to browse through the restaurant landscape and choose an appropriate restaurant based on location and average star reviews.In addition, the system recommends specific restaurants based on a person’s social profile.   For business owners, the visualizations display a comparison of restaurants opinion across different quarters. The owner can drill down to a specific year to understand how polarity (opinion) of their restaurant’s quality of food item stands in comparison to its neighborhood. In addition, they can also understand which attributes of the restaurant such as service, ambiance and price are most important to the customers when selecting a particular restaurant and how their restaurant performs on average to the other restaurants in the neighborhood.
